## Interview Prep ##

How you doin ??
I am doing pretty well. A bit nervous though, I won't lie

Tell me about yourself??
-> Hello and Good Morning one and all present here … First of all Thank you for allowing me to introduce myself .. My name is Bhanu Sunka, I live in Dombivli Thane .. I am a hard-working engineering student specialised in Information Technology from Xavier Institute of engineering. Regarding my grades i got 9.83 Cgpa in last sem!

-> Coming to technical aspects … I am currently learning web development… I had very good hold on Java, Python, C, C++ language which I had done in previous sems.. And I've developed some interesting projects too you checkout my GitHub. As I’ve Good knowledge about Linux, Android worked as a Android Tester for open source projects. I'm looking forward to contribute to many more open source projects. I Assume myself as a techie Guy .. Always had curiosity how things work in Tech Industry .. Since I love to code .. I love to spend most of my time on pc doing research or coding … exploring new stuff really fascinates me..

-> Coming to the Extracurricular aspects , As I always been ahead participating such events that is knowledgeable for me that helps me boosts up my skills for future..  As I've been part of csx committee led one event had a great experience. At the end I would like to say I passionately wanted to be a part of this company
Yeah That’s it … Thank You !!




Why do you want this job ??
-> This opportunity is really exciting as I will be able to learn and progress in an exciting environment that I am passionate about.
I think I'm having all those qualities which satisfies your requirements for this job role.
Extras ==>
Office culture
reliable
As I've read on your website, you're planning to launch several new products and features in the upcoming months and i would love to be a part of that growth. I know that my experience in product management and my leadership skills will help your company with on-time releases and delivery.


What are your strengths??
-> My Greatest Strength is that I'm having a 'leadership' quality. I've been leading my mini project group for the last two semesters and as i said i really enjoyed leading the Csx event too. 
-> And other prime strength of mine is to be 'organized'. I've always had the feeling that things had to work according to me! 
-> I am a 'quick learner'. over the past 2 years of my engineering field, I have worked on so many technologies. It is my motto in life to learn something new every day and i actively seek feedback to keep growing!
-> I'm also quite good at 'making decisions'.
-> I consider myself as a very 'focused' person and I always work on my goals in a very efficient manner.

What are your weaknesses ??
-> Public speaking makes me nervous. I actually never got an opportunity to speak up in public so that might be the reason i've fear while speaking in public, While I don't need to do much public speaking in my role as a web designer, I still feel that it's an important skill — especially when I want to offer my opinion during a meeting. 

Challenges you've faced?
Talk about challenge
focus more on how you overcome it
talk about what you learnt from it
Talk about how you are helping others

Where you see in 5 years?
I am really excited about this position because in the next 5 years, i'd like to see myself having end-to-end expertise in the IT domain and i know that this job will give me that opportunity. I am excited about developing my managerial skills and in the next couple of years possibly even take the lead on some projects.

Questions for Interviewer
What kind of Qualities u actually expect from an Employee
Ask for feedback

Why should we hire you ?
From your job description, I noticed that you are looking for someone who is good with communications as well as technical skills, I would love to bring my coding skills and my passion to learn new technologies to this position which is why i am a perfect fit for the job.
